Document @ directives (#12750)
aspnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/mvc/views/razor.md

::: moniker-end

### @attribute

> The `@attribute` directive sets the given attribute on the generated view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `@attribute` directive adds the given attribute onto the class of the generated view.
```

```cshtml

> @attribute [Serializable]

Reviewer: I'd use a different attribute than `[Serializable]` because I believe there's already a `[Serializable]` attribute on components resulting in duplicate attribute errors. Do `[Authorize]` since that ties in with our new auth bits shipping in preview6.

```

> [!WARNING]

> > In preview6 there is a known issue where @attribute directives do not work in `_Imports.razor` and `_ViewImports.cshtml`. This will be fixed in preview7.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> In 3.0.0-preview6 there is a known issue where `@attribute` directives do not work in `_Imports.razor` and `_ViewImports.cshtml`. This will be fixed in 3.0.0-preview7.
```

::: moniker-end

### @attribute

The `@attribute` directive adds the given attribute onto the class of the generated view.

```cshtml
@attribute [Authorize]
```

> [!WARNING]
> In 3.0.0-preview6 there is a known issue where `@attribute` directives do not work in `_Imports.razor` and `_ViewImports.cshtml`. This will be fixed in 3.0.0-preview7.

### @namespace

> The `@namespace` directive sets the namespace of the class of the generated view.

Reviewer: @ajaybhargavb do you think it's worth adding a note here on how this impacts Component inclusion similar to `@using`?

I'm on the fence.

Reviewer 2: We don't have to mention anything about components specifically because this behaves the same as it does for non-component apps. But I think it might be worth mentioning that this will also work on imports and in which case it will set the base namespace for the related files.

Author: So you're saying if I set the namespace of component A, then have it import component B, component B's namespace will be set to the same as Component A's? What happens if Component C also imports B and has a different namespace set?

Reviewer 2: if `MyApp/Pages/_ViewImports.cshtml` contains the following,
```cshtml
@namespace Hello.World
```

then the namespace will be set as follows,
`MyApp/Pages/Index.cshtml` => `Hello.World`
`MyApp/Pages/About.cshtml` => `Hello.World`
`MyApp/Pages/MorePages/Bar.cshtml` => `Hello.World.MorePages`

Reviewer 2: And if for example, `MyApp/Pages/Index.cshtml` also contains a `@namespace` set, then that preferred. Basically the `@namespace` directive closest to the file wins.

Reviewer 3: ... also note that there is namespace guidance at **Line 49** of the components topic that might require attention ...

https://github.com/aspnet/AspNetCore.Docs/edit/master/aspnetcore/blazor/components.md

Author: Is `MyApp/Pages/MorePages/Bar.cshtml => Hello.World.MorePages` the real behavior in that situation? How does it know that two levels is the appropriate amount to trim down? Because if the namespace directive is on `MyApp/Pages/Shared/_Layout.cshtml` instead I feel like the desired behavior is unclear. What happens in the event of a tie? Say `MyApp/Pages/_Header.cshtml` and `MyApp/Pages/_Footer.cshtml` are both imported by Index and both have different namespace directives?

Reviewer 2: You can't import random cshtml files. Only _ViewImports.cshtml can be imported (Or _imports.razor in case of components)

Author: And that's applicable to both razor and blazor?

Reviewer 2: Yes

::: moniker-end

### @attribute

The `@attribute` directive adds the given attribute onto the class of the generated view.

```cshtml
@attribute [Authorize]
```

> [!WARNING]
> In 3.0.0-preview6 there is a known issue where `@attribute` directives do not work in `_Imports.razor` and `_ViewImports.cshtml`. This will be fixed in 3.0.0-preview7.

### @namespace

The `@namespace` directive sets the namespace of the class of the generated view.

```cshtml
@namespace Your.Namespace.Here
```

If a view imports something with a namespace directive then the original file's namespace is set relative to that namespace. 

So if MyApp/Pages/_ViewImports.cshtml contains `@namespace Hello.World` then the namespace of views that import it will be set as follows:
- MyApp/Pages/Index.cshtml => Hello.World
- MyApp/Pages/MorePages/Bar.cshtml => Hello.World.MorePages

> 

Reviewer 4: There is missing info from @ajaybhargavb:
> And if for example, MyApp/Pages/Index.cshtml also contains a @namespace set, then that preferred. Basically the @namespace directive closest to the file wins.

and in my opinion it is important. Otherwise someone can think that imported namespace and namespace defined locally are concatenated.
